Move to a typed choice sequence mutator (#53)
Zac-HD/hypofuzz: docs-src/changelog.md

HypoFuzz uses [calendar-based versioning](https://calver.org/), with a
`YY-MM-patch` format.

## 25.02.1

Use a new mutator based on the typed choice sequence (https://github.com/HypothesisWorks/hypothesis/issues/3921), bringing back compatibility with new Hypothesis versions.

> We also now ignore the `pytest` and `_pytest` during coverage collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also now ignore code coverage inside the `pytest` and `_pytest` modules, which is unhelpful to fuzz.
```
